pick tertiary colour from large scenery (#26000)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#25910] Folders starting with numbers are sorted incorrectly (e.g. 1, 10, 2 instead of 1, 2, 10).
- Fix: [#25954] Guests display hats, balloons, and umbrellas while puking.
- Fix: [#25978] Frozen peeps start clapping when the scenario is won.

> - Fix: [#25999] Pipette tool picks tertiary colour of large scenery.

Reviewer: For fixes, list the bug, and not the fix.
```suggestion
- Fix: [#25999] Scenery picker tool does not pick the tertiary colour of large scenery correctly.
```
